feat: Add ADK_MCP multi-agent exmaple (#1978)
GoogleCloudPlatform/generative-ai: gemini/mcp/adk_multiagent_mcp_app/README.md

# ADK Multi-Agent MCP Client Application

## Overview

> This document describes a web application demonstrating the integration of Google's Agent Development Kit (ADK) for multi-agent orchestration with Model Context Protocol (MCP) clients. The application features a root agent coordinating tasks between specialized agents that interact with various MCP servers to fulfill user requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes a web application demonstrating the integration of [Google Agent Development Kit (ADK)](https://google.github.io/adk-docs/) for multi-agent orchestration with [Model Context Protocol (MCP)](https://github.com/modelcontextprotocol) clients. The application features a root agent coordinating tasks between specialized agents that interact with various MCP servers to fulfill user requests.
```

   - Provides 2 tools:
     - `search for Airbnb listings`
     - `get detailed information about a specific Airbnb listing`

## Example Usage

Here are some example questions you can ask the chatbot:

- `Please get cocktail margarita id and then full detail of cocktail margarita`
- `Please list a random cocktail`
- `Please get weather forecast for New York`
- `Please get weather forecast for 40.7128,-74.0060`
- `I would like to know information about an Airbnb condo in LA, CA for 2 nights. 04/28 - 04/30, 2025, two adults, no kid`

## Setup and Deployment

### Prerequisites

Before running the application locally, ensure you have the following installed:

1. **Node.js:** Required to run the Airbnb MCP server (if testing its functionality locally).
2. **uv:** The Python package management tool used in this project. Follow the installation guide: [https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/getting-started/installation/)

### Running Locally

Follow these steps to run the FastAPI application on your local machine.

## **1. Project Structure**

Ensure your project follows this structure:

> ```bash

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```text
```
